>> Steve Kinney: So when the user signs
up, we have this sign-up form, where they
can put in a display name, and they can
put an email address and a password.
Right now, this form doesn't do anything,
cuz it's not wired up,
I think it actually clears stuff out.
Yeah, all it does is empty out the state,
which is not super helpful,
so let's jump in, and
let's implement this.
>> Steve Kinney: So we've got the sign-up
form, and here we've got handleSubmit,
and all handleSubmit does is, again,
sets the state back to empty.
Seems legit, let's actually go ahead and
implement some of this.
So we can grab the displayName, the email,
and the password off of the state.
>> Steve Kinney: So email, password,
displayName,
>> Steve Kinney: Is
this.state,
>> Steve Kinney: And
then we're gonna try to go ahead and
create a user.
So everything in, not everything,
most things in Firebase are promise-based,
so you could use a promise
chain of then and catch.
We can also make this an async function,
and use async/await,
which allows you to use just regular
old JavaScript try-catch blocks.
So let's go ahead and try that one out.
If we were better at our jobs, we probably
would have been error-handling a few other
places as well, but what are you gonna do?
So we'll say const, our new user
object is going to await auth.,
gotta love that Visual Studio code,
createUserWithEmailAddressAndPassword.
That sounds like the one that I want,
as you can see with IntelliSense,
it takes two arguments,
an email address,
>> Steve Kinney: And a password,
I have an email address and
a password from state,
so I can pass those in,
email and password.
You see, there's not really any
place to give it a display name, so
we're gonna have to deal
with that in a little bit.
And if we look at this IntelliSense,
it'll return a promise,
that will be UserCredentials, just like
we got when we did the Google auth.
All right, so we'll have that,
I'm going to do a little
quick catch here for
now, catch the error.
>> Steve Kinney: I'll just, should we
console.error, or do you wanna alert it,
what's everyone feeling?
>> Steve Kinney: Not all at once,
we're making important
architecture decisions here.
>> Speaker 2: Console, [CROSSTALK] I
like it, there's a little yellow to it.
>> Steve Kinney: You like-
>> Speaker 2: It's very chill,
>> Steve Kinney: Console, now, this is-
>> Speaker 2: I'm not too keen on it-
>> Steve Kinney: We're catching error with
console.error, at the very least.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, we're good at this,
cool, and so this'll go ahead and
create the user, it'll actually also log
them in, which will probably be enough.
We're gonna see one option for
solving the display name issue, and
then we'll see why it's not great,
[LAUGH].
So I will get your hopes up, and then I
will bring them back down, all right?
So we'll say user.updateProfile,
and you can see,
I can update the displayName and
the photoURL here.
>> Steve Kinney: We don't have a photoURL
yet, so we'll just go with displayName.
>> Steve Kinney: So you'll go ahead and
sign up, and we'll be Bob Ross, sure,
that seems like a decent email address.
>> Steve Kinney: It does insist
on six characters, by default.
>> Steve Kinney: So we set the display
name, but there's no display name here.
And this kinda makes sense, if you think
really hard about it, or also known as,
it doesn't make any sense until you
stare at it, wondering what's wrong.
And then eventually, it comes to you as
you're taking a walk down the street,
a week later.
Which is, with that first await,
we created the user, which logged them in.
Which triggered auth state change,
which caused us to be logged in,
and then we set the display name.
So if I refresh the page,
now we have a display name in there,
right, not great.
We can solve some of this in, and
we could either update some state with it,
there's a whole bunch of
different options that we can do.
I'm gonna solve this by creating
that user profile anyway, which is,
I'm gonna sit there, and
start setting things.
And create a user profile that that will
then hook into the real-time facilities of
Cloud Firestore, so I won’t have
to worry about any of this, but
that is just a thing to think about.
Which is, auth state change is not
the same as Cloud Firestore, which is for
every change to that user.
It’s only gonna be when they transition
from logged-out to logged-in, or
from logged-in to logged-out.
Which is really what it says on the tin,
so that's totally surprising,
that it does that, but
that is absolutely a thing.
So if we go here, we go to Authentication.
The only thing we can do
in the Firebase console is,
we can actually see all of the users
that have signed into the application.
You can go ahead and add, only,
if you are using email address and
password, you can go ahead and
create users manually, too.
You can also go ahead here,
and you can see,
you can reset passwords,
disable and delete accounts.
So you don't have to build
that functionality yourself,
you kinda get it for free.